NAVAND-842: use initial EV data in EV route refresh (#6534)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

  - The `MapboxExtendableButtonParams` class has been removed. Any action button placement adjustments must be done via custom `ActionButtonsBinder` implementation. [#6498](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6498)
- Fixed an issue where "silent waypoints" (not regular waypoints that define legs) had markers added on the map when route line was drawn with `MapboxRouteLineApi` and `MapboxRouteLineView`. [#6526](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6526)
- Slightly improved performance of updates to the traveled portion of the route in MapboxRouteLineView. [#6528](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6528)

> - Fixed an issue with EV route refresh failing in case EV data updates are not provided. [#6534](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6534)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with EV route refresh failing in cases where EV data updates are not provided. Now, the initial parameters from a route request will be used as a fallback. [#6534](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6534)
```
